---
title: 1.1 EXERCISE A
draft: false
tags: []
---
Solutions are given only for the exercises in Chapter 1. It is important for the reader to evaluate the exercises themselves. If you have doubts about the answers, it's because you haven't grasped the knowledge yet. 
## Words (wɜrdz)
man, woman, Mrs., boy, girl, baby, person, child, children, father, mother, son, daughter, sister, brother, parents, family, wife, husband, one, two, three, a, the, is, are, of, there, he, 
she, they, and, also, five, in, how many?, exercise, word
## EXERCISE A (ˈek.sɚ.saɪz eɪ)
Mr. Smith is a —. Mrs. Smith is a —. John is a —. Helen is a —. Helen and the baby are —. John is a —, and Helen and the baby are also —. There — one boy in the family. There — two girls in the family. There — one father in the family. There — three children in the family. There — three children in the family. John — the son. Mrs. Smith — the mother. Mr. and Mrs. Smith — the parents. John, Helen, and the baby — the children. Mr. Smith is — father of John. Helen is the daughter — Mr. Smith. John, Helen, and the baby are — children — Mr. Smith.

The man is — Smith; he — the father. The boy is John; — is the son. The woman is — Smith; — is the mother. The girls are Helen and the baby; — are the daughters. John is the — of Helen. Helen is the — of John. John and Helen are — and —. Mr. Smith is the — of Mrs. Smith. Mrs. Smith is the — of Mr. Smith.

There are five — in the family. The five — in the family are the —, the —, the —, and —. — boy is John; — — the son. — man is Mr. Smith; he is the —. — woman is Mrs. Smith; she is the —. — girls are Helen and the baby; they are the —. — father and — mother are Mr. and Mrs. Smith; they are — parents of the children.

— is Mr. Smith? He is the father — — children. —many children are there in the family? There are — children in the family. How — boys are there in the family? There is — boy in the family. — — girls are there in the family? There are — girls in the family. — are the three children in the family? Teh — children are John, Helen, and the baby. — is the son? The — is John. — are the daughters? — daughters — Helen and the baby. — — persons — there in the family? There — five — in the family. — are the — person in — family? — are — father, — mother, — son, and — two daughters.
## SOLUTION (səˈluʃən)
Mr. Smith is a **man**. Mrs. Smith is a **woman**. John is a **boy**. Helen is a **girl**. Helen and the baby are **children**. John is a **child**, and Helen and the baby are also **children**. There **is** one boy in the family. There **are** two girls in the family. There **is** one father in the family. There **are** three children in the family. John **is** the son. Mrs. Smith **is** the mother. Mr. and Mrs. Smith **are** the parents. John, Helen, and the baby **are** the children. Mr. Smith is **the** father of John. Helen is the daughter **of** Mr. Smith. John, Helen, and the baby are **the** children **of** Mr. Smith.

The man is **Mr.** Smith; he **is** the father. The boy is John; **he** is the son. The woman is **Mrs.** Smith; **she** is the mother. The girls are Helen and the baby; **they** are the daughters. John is the **brother** of Helen. Helen is the **sister** of John. John and Helen are **brother** and **sister**. Mr. Smith is the **husband** of Mrs. Smith. Mrs. Smith is the **wife** of Mr. Smith.

There are five **persons** in the family. The five **persons** in the family are the **father**, the **mother**, the **son**, and **two daughters**. **The** boy is John; **he is** the son. **The** man is Mr. Smith; he is the **father**. **The** woman is Mrs. Smith; she is the **mother**. **The** girls are Helen and the baby; they are the **daughters**. **The** father and **the** mother are Mr. and Mrs. Smith; they are **the** parents of the children.

**Who** is Mr. Smith? He is the father **of the** children. **How** many children are there in the family? There are **three** children in the family. How **many** boys are there in the family? There is **one** boy in the family. **How many** girls are there in the family? There are **two** girls in the family. **Who** are the three children in the family? The **three** children are John, Helen, and the baby. **Who** is the son? The **son** is John. **Who** are the daughters? **The** daughters **are** Helen and the baby. **How many** persons **are** there in the family? There **are** five **persons** in the family. **Who** are the **five** person in **the** family? **They** are **the** father, **the** mother, **the** son, and **the** two daughters.

---
**Previous:** [[1. Chapter One (1) - THE FAMILY]] \
**Next:** [[1.2 EXERCISE B]]