---
title: 1.2 EXERCISE B
draft: false
tags:
---
 
## Words (wɜrdz)
man, woman, Mrs., boy, girl, baby, person, child, children, father, mother, son, daughter, sister, brother, parents, family, wife, husband, one, two, three, a, the, is, are, of, there, he, 
she, they, and, also, five, in, how many?, exercise, word
## EXERCISE B (ˈek.sɚ.saɪz bi)
Who is the man? — — — — —. Who is the woman? — — — — —. Who is the boy? — — — —. Who are the two girls? — — — — — — — —. Who are the parents of John, Helen, and the baby? — — — —, —, — — — — — — — —. How many persons are there in the family? — — — — — — —. Who are the five persons? — — — — — —, — —, — —, — —, — — —. How many children are there in the family? — — — — — — —. Who are they? — — —, —, — — —. How many girls are there in the family? — — — — — — —. Who is Helen? — — — — — — —. Who is Mrs. Smith? — — — — — — —. Who is Mr. Smith? — — — — — — —.
## SOLUTION (səˈluʃən)
Who is the man? **The man is Mr. Smith**. Who is the woman? **The woman is Mrs. Smith**. Who is the boy? **The boy is John**. Who are the two girls? **They are the daughter and the baby daughter.**. Who are the parents of John, Helen, and the baby? **The parents of John, Helen, and the baby are Mr. and Mrs. Smith**. How many persons are there in the family? **There are five persons in the family**. Who are the five persons? **The five persons are the father, the mother, the son, the daughter, and the baby**. How 2many children are there in the family? **There are three children in the family**. Who are they? **They are John, Helen, and the baby**. How many girls are there in the family? **There are two girls in the family**. Who is Helen? **She is the daughter of Mr. Smith**. Who is Mrs. Smith? **She is the wife of Mr. Smith**. Who is Mr. Smith? **He is the husband of Mrs. Smith**.

---
**Previous:** [[1.1 EXERCISE A]] \
**Next:** -