---
title: 2.1 EXERCISE A
draft: false
tags:
---
## Words (wɜrdz)
four, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, month, year, week, day, January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, last, has, have, what?, which of?, no, only
## EXERCISE A (ˈek.sɚ.saɪz eɪ)
January is a —. March and April are —. — is the first month of the year. February is the — month of the year. March is the — month. April is the — month. May is the — month. June is the — month. July is the — month. August is the — month. September is the — month. October is the — month. November is the — month. December is the — and also the —month of the year.

A — has twelve months. A — has seven days. Two  — — fourteen days. The seven days of the week are: —, —, —, —, —, —, —. There is — eight day of the week. There is — thirteen month; a year has — twelve months. The twelve months of the year are: —, —, —, —, —, —, —, —, —, —, —, —. Sunday is the — day of the week. Saturday is the — — of the week.

How — days are there in a week? There are — days — a week. — many weeks — three months? Three months — — weeks. — — has a year? A year — — months. — is the first month of the year? — is the first month of the year. — is the fourth day of the week? The last month of the year is —. — of the months of the year is the thirteenth? There is — thirteenth month; there are — twelve months — a year.

---
**Previous:** [[2. Chapter Two (2) - THE YEAR]] \
**Next:** [[2.2 EXERCISE B]]